h2. ScalaCollider-IDEA

h3. statement

An experimental project to evaluate possibilities to integrate ScalaCollider with IDEA. It is (C)opyright 2011 by Hanns Holger Rutz. All rights reserved. ScalaCollider-IDEA is released under the "GNU General Public License":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderIDEA/blob/master/licenses/ScalaColliderIDEA-License.txt and comes with absolutely no warranties. To contact the author, send an email to @contact at sciss.de@

h3. requirements / installation

You can use @sbt update@ to install the ScalaCollider dependancy. currently compiles against Scala 2.8.1, and uses IDEA CE 10.0.2, and latest scala plugin.

The following files are expected in lib. Here are my symlinks for reference:

lrwxr-xr-x   1 hhrutz  757317411   57  5 Mar 17:36 annotations.jar -> /Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 10 CE.app/lib/annotations.jar
lrwxr-xr-x   1 hhrutz  757317411   56  5 Mar 17:36 extensions.jar -> /Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 10 CE.app/lib/extensions.jar
lrwxr-xr-x   1 hhrutz  757317411   53  5 Mar 17:32 openapi.jar -> /Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 10 CE.app/lib/openapi.jar
lrwxr-xr-x   1 hhrutz  757317411   59  5 Mar 17:36 picocontainer.jar -> /Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 10 CE.app/lib/picocontainer.jar
lrwxr-xr-x   1 hhrutz  757317411   85  5 Mar 19:00 scala-plugin.jar -> /Users/hhrutz/Library/Application Support/IntelliJIdea10CE/Scala/lib/scala-plugin.jar
lrwxr-xr-x   1 hhrutz  757317411   50  5 Mar 17:34 util.jar -> /Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 10 CE.app/lib/util.jar

These are sufficient to compile the plugin. There is currently no dependancy yet in plugin.xml for the scala plugin, so you need to make sure that the scala plugin is installed in the IDEA sandbox.
